docs: suggest using token header, not query param (#13682)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

      [`acl.tokens.initial_management`](#acl_tokens_initial_management).**

    - `default` ((#acl_tokens_default)) - When provided, the agent will
      use this token when making requests to the Consul servers.

>       Clients can [override this token on a per-request basis](/api-docs#authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Clients can provide an alternate token in the authorization header to override this token on a per-request basis. Refer to [Authentication](/api-docs#authentication) for details.
```
I think we can provide a little more specificity and context for what the user can expect when they visit the link.

>       When not overridden, the empty token, which maps to the 'anonymous' ACL token,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If the `default` token is not configured and no alternate token is passed in the authorization header, the empty token, which maps to the `anonymous` ACL token,
```
Correct? This is about the `default` parameter, so we should use that as part of the context.

Author: I reworded this whole section to hopefully make the interaction between the request-specific token, `default` token, and anonymous token clearer. Let me know what you think.

- `acl_token` ((#acl_token_legacy)) - **Deprecated in Consul 1.4.0. See
  the [`acl.tokens.default`](#acl_tokens_default) field instead.** When provided,
  the agent will use this token when making requests to the Consul servers.

>   Clients can [override this token on a per-request basis](/api-docs#authentication).

Author: I might just delete this whole section after "Refer to the acl.tokens.default field instead", since we're repeating the same thing in 2 places

>   Clients can [override this token on a per-request basis](/api-docs#authentication).

Author: Confirming that I just deleted the duplicate docs.
